Make a new section and link to it from a moved warning (#59)
loadimpact/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/05 Examples/01 Examples/04 data-parameterization.md

Parameterization helps to prevent server-side caching from impacting your load test.
This will, in turn, make your test more realistic.

<div class="doc-blockquote" data-props='{"mod": "warning"}'>

> ### ⚠️ Strive to keep the data files small
>
> Each VU in k6 will have its separate copy of the data file.
> If your script uses 300 VUs, there will be 300 copies of the data file in memory.
> Cloud service allots 8GB of memory for every 300VUs.
> When executing cloud tests, make sure your data files aren't exceeding this limit or your test run may get aborted.
>

> > With version v0.27.0 there are some [tricks that can be used to better handle bigger data files](#handling-bigger-data-files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting with k6 v0.27.0, there are some [tricks that can be used to better handle bigger data files](#handling-bigger-data-files).
```
